https://automationowl.com/

https://sintra.ai/

ye bhii same Sevenforce kii reference site he

"C:\Users\capermint\Desktop\Sujit"
"C:\Users\capermint\Desktop"

"E:\Project"
"E:\SAAS-Social-Media-main"
"E:\github backup"

My idea is clear — I provide all seven software without any charges.

So, I hoped a person would use their own API & token for it, so I added that thing, self API & token add ka section dal do

I need all website (frontend + backend), like Comonk, Comonk me bhaji self API & token add ka section dal do

As I said, I need a website like Comonk, so why do you make this type of waste of token sites? Any website with no logic — not a single user uses it.

You waste my time & efforts. I'm totally unsatisfied with these types of results.

I will provide you with nearly 50 projects for your reference, but didn't follow anything. Shame on you, your work is a total waste of tokens.

For sevenforse, I give three website references, my friend's whole Autonomous file and 50 projects for all AI agent building and backend logic.

Talk about Sevenseed. It's this company that handles all 7 startups — handling all things, all right is seventeen. Moreover, it helps startups to build and helps to grow (all types).

Talk about a comonk - carrier guidance company. I have already added many features, but bahot sari abhi tak baki he, wo tum think karke add kro

Talk about breakdown factor, take. Taking an idea from the 50 projects that I provided, I will provide best.pt file which provides detection of property damage. It's something that takes time.

Talk about AVP Emart — take ideas from a project that I have provided. Moreover, I give one project — you like that project only. Shame bro, that in only the Streamline project, what is my frontend + backend?? Take all files from that price-com folder and add those features + new features.

Talk about AVPU — in short, it's a AI university.

Talking about Decode Forest Pharmacy — our main goal 1st goal is to provide free health advice, health tips, a chatbot to solve the problems, get emergency help, know nearly the hospital list, address, contact number, get free medicines, free treatment, know the person about the free health camp, blood donation camp, many more things, i think you got my idea

Take about AVP Charitable Trust — as I said, we provide all services free of cost, so we finance all things the trust manages, and Moreover many more things they provide.

Note : — these are all only my ideas and future vision for the whole site. You will add more ideas, features and facilities to the whole site.

